1. in all of the index pages, use icons for the stat boxes. 
2. the add section of the stories page has way too much height. max height should be 80vh any greater than that and it must become scrollable. Implement this across web wherever dialog is used, max-h is 80 vh any more thant that and it will go into scroll.
3. i have made some changes to the index page of stories, like table having a parent with rounded border, the full width of the triggers of the filters, text centering in the table, Implement it across all the index pages. 
4. In the sidebar, in submenus for each category like stories etc, we have button called add page but right now its not working, so implement a dialog which will open, user will enter the name of the page, and he will click create button and then it will load for a sec to imitate a server event and then user will be redirected to the created artifact. 
5. in all of the pages: stories, journeys, problem statement, ideas, tasks, feedback, have a icon i clicking on which it will open dialog which will have all the meta data of the artifacts, such as created by, edited by, last edited by, date, etc etc.
6. make the styling across artifacts to be consistent for the header, use the stories and journeys header for reference while making sure that headers are tailored for the artifacts.
7. in the artifact of problem statement, if user selects a user story or journey from the select element then that story/journey should not reappear in the select list. Also the dialog for changing status is not working properly. again the optional modules section here is not consistent with the one in user story so make it consistent.
8. in the ideas artifact as well the optional modules section is not consistent. and the change status dialog is not working, also there is no proper confirmation button or anything in the dialog.
9. in the ideas page the remove button for the optional section appears only when the user is hovering on the module, implement this accross all artifacts and instead of button use the icon that is being used in the stories artifact.
10. the variables which are declared using derived or derived.by or state are variables which can change the value so make sure they are declared with let so that it doesnt result into any weird behavior.
11. also on the pages artifact, allow user editing content of the various content for the views like board, list, calendar, timeline, so basically user adds content to this, when clicked on the content it should open a dialog in which use should be able to edit the content.
12. in the members page, in the pending invites section, have an action as well where there will be option to cancel the invite. 
13. add a activity log page which will have items similar to the recent activity tab in the dashboard page, have filters as well in this page, also when clicked on individual item then a small dialog should open with all the information about that item. And link the dashboard page view all acitivty link to this page and from the project setting as well. the path should be: routes/project/[projectId]/activity/+page.svelte